Zamza: [victorious chuckle]
And now it's your
turn to behold.
So observe the strength of over
a hundred monsters combined...
Zamza: The power of the
ultimate Superior Being!
[snarling]
[roaring]
He did it...
I can't believe it's real.
[powerful howl]
Now... Little Hero Dai.
You have been selected
for the honor of serving as
the Super Being
Zamza's first opponent.
Zamza: You're welcome.
[laughing]
No way!
He's fast.
How can something
that big be so fast?!
Oh. Impressive.
Yes, yes, not bad at all.
Dai [thought]: He's
way stronger than before.
At this rate...
Dai [thought]: Oh, no!
[struggling grunts]
This isn't good.
Dai pushed himself too hard,
and now he's already
completely burned out.
What on earth do
you mean, young man?
The power of his crest,
it can only be used for
a short amount of time.
King Romos: So, then...
[chuckling]
I'm hungry - and
you look delicious.
Popp: A mouth on his stomach?
Are you kidding me with this?!
Dai!
[weakening grunts]
Now, you will nourish me...
Young Dragon Knight.
[struggling grunts]
[roaring]
No...
My strength...
It's gone...
No, Dai!
Zamza: It was
foolish to resist.
But it looks like
you finally learned.
You like that?
How is this little boy
able to cast such a
concentrated Sizz spell?!
Popp: Now...
Kafrizz!
All right. Get Dai!
Chiu: [trembling]
Popp [thought]:
Who can blame him?
Zamza's made from the strongest
parts of all kinds of monsters.
Chiu instinctively knows
he doesn't stand a chance.
Okay. You guys
look after the king.
Both: Right.
Chiu [thought]: Why can't
I stop my tail from shaking?!
Popp: Hang in there, pal!
Zamza: You're a much
stronger Mage than you look.
Not many of your kind can cast
Heat-type spells at your level.
I think you will make
for a very good specimen.
But how?!
I thought Dai already destroyed
this freak's giant claw?!
Popp: And he's already
healing from my spells, too.
Zamza: I told you.
A Superior Being like me
is the ultimate monster.
My perfected body is
capable of restoring itself
from any damage it takes.
This version of the Being is
already ninety-percent complete.
The only skill I still need
is the ability to
cast magic spells.
But I can complete my
research after defeating
the Hero and his
pitiful little allies.
You wish.
[pained groan]
Popp [thought]: He fired
a focused blast of his Aura.
It's like Crocodine's
Beast King Redemption Blast!
[worried breaths]
Zamza: [chuckling]
You'd do well to remember.
Interrupting a
wild animal's meal
will incur it's beastly wrath.
[menacing cackle]
That's enough.
Stop it!
[falling yell]
Dai... He got Dai, too?!
Mr. Ghost: You'd better hurry.
[satisfied chuckle]
That was nice.
Soldier: This can't be.
It's like a nightmare.
He swallowed the Hero whole.
Oh, Dai.
Chiu: That demon.
I've had enough.
Let me at him!
[laughing]
I may have swallowed
your friend alive,
but my stomach creates
a powerful digestive fluid.
He will be
dissolved in minutes.
Popp: Damnit!
Why do you bother resisting?
I'm giving you an opportunity.
Die here or live a while
longer as a test specimen.
Popp: Don't be stupid.
I won't take either!
Oh? Well, if memory serves...
I already have a mage
trapped in my bio-prison.
And so be it.
I have enough.
You can throw it all away.
Just like your
"hero" friend did!
Chiu: Hold it!
Beast of the Dark Army...
Huh?!
Your reign of
terror ends right now!
You're still here,
you foolish rat?
Chiu: You better believe it.
I'll give you one
chance to apologize.
If you don't want
me to hurt you,
you'll surrender
and free everybody!
That idiot. He can't
seriously think he'll win.
[roaring laughter]
I think you've lost your mind.
Didn't you just
watch me defeat
the legendary Hero,
you insect?
Chiu [thought]:
Settle down, tail!
Otherwise, I'll have
to bite you off.
I'm going to rescue the
legendary hero - just watch!
Here goes!
No, don't! You fool!
[roaring]
Did you really
think that would work?!
You don't have a chance against
a giant monster like this!
You have to run - get out
of here while you still can!
[pained groan]
No!
Again!
You hear me?! Hey!
This isn't your fight!
Popp: Chiu!
Not Popp...
and Chiu, as well?
Gomez: It's no use.
Give it up.
Gomez: Even my might
couldn't do anything.
So what can your
frail arms do?
But they're...
Baloria: It's not
just strength.
Even my sword was useless.
Stangul: My whip
didn't work either.
Fobster: Or my spells.
I hate to say it,
but it seems like this thing
can absorb whatever
we throw at it.
So there's no
escaping from here?
No, it's hopeless.
Maam: What's with you?
Maam: All you tough men...
Just giving up already?
I'm not quitting.
My friends are...
My friends are out there
trying to fight that monster.
I can't just do nothing!
Mr. Ghost: That won't work.
You're the only one
who can escape this peril.
If you utilize the power you've
gained through your training,
I know with certainty
that you can break free.
Wait a sec...
Are you...
What now?
Larba: My body feels numb!
[coughing]
Curse you.
You annoying rodent!
Chiu: Again!
Popp [thought]: How is
he still getting up?
Could I do that?
Could the old me?
How do you face an enemy that
you know you can't beat-
when the odds are impossible?
I know I couldn't.
There's no way.
Popp [thought]: You've
earned some respect, Ratty.
Popp [thought]:
He's breathing?
That's it!
He's breathing through the
mouth on his stomach, as well!
In that case...
Ah, great.
You're the last person in world
I want seeing me like this.
O-Oh really?
I'm just impressed
that you didn't run.
That takes guts.
Hah! Well, that's rude.
Only the worst kind of trash
would abandon their friends.
An absolute coward!
Popp [thought]:
Don't remind me.
Hey, Ratty.
I've come up with
a plan to rescue Dai.
Wanna help?
Dunno - is your plan any good?
Listen, the mouth...
The mouth on his
stomach is gonna open.
When it does,
I need you to hit him with
all of your strength, okay?
The shock just
might push Dai out.
Can you even hear yourself?
That's nuts!
[grim chuckle]
I don't have time to
keep playing with you two
I'll finish you
both in a single blow!
Popp [thought]: An ordinary
spell isn't going to damage him.
I don't want to use
an enemy's ability,
but it might
be my only option.
Popp: Five Finger Flares!
What?!
I did it!
[pained roaring]
Popp: It worked...
I remember General Flazzard
used that spell on us.
Now that I'm stronger...
I figured I might
be able to do it, too!
Amazing.
You fired three Kafrizz
spells at the same time.
[chuckle]
Well, I was actually
trying to cast five-
But with the magic
power I had left...
I guess that's my limit.
But it should still
be enough for him!
[snarling]
That's quite the fire-
it's not going to go out easily.
Look at him.
It might not do
very much damage,
but it's making it hard
for him to get any oxygen-
I think we've got
the upper hand!
The pain...
I can't breathe!
And now we've got an opening.
With the fire
around his face,
he'll have to open
the mouth on his stomach
if he wants to get any air.
Alright.
We're coming for you Dai.
Popp: This is our best chance.
It burns! I can't take it!
Now, Chiu!
You let him have it.
Get him right in the stomach!
Right. I've got this!
Chiu [thought]: So I say-
but what attack should I use?
Dai: Didn't Maam say you
could still hold your own
with ramming and
headbutt attacks?
Chiu [thought]: That's it!
Who cares if I look cool
or not. I have to try.
Take this!
It's Dai!
And he's still moving!
Chiu: That attack was
actually pretty cool, right?
A name... A move like
that deserves a great name!
Ah! I'll call it the
"Rattus Rocket Ram"!
You dummy!
Pay more attention.
If you hit him just
a little bit harder-
Dai would be out!
Zamza: I've had it with you!
You'll pay. You'll pay
for that, you filthy trash...
I'll finish you!
[coughing]
Popp [thought]:
It didn't work.
I... I can't move!
It ends here.
What the-?!
It can't be...
How is she resisting
the gas? Impossible.
It doesn't make any sense.
Mr. Ghost: It's
her Magic Power.
Mr. Ghost: Look closer.
Do you not see that white
light surrounding her?
That's the glow of
a healing Magic Power
that she's spread
all over her body.
I didn't know
that was possible.
Maam [thought]:
This prison might be
immune to all attacks...
But it's still
a living creature.
Maam [thought]:
Grand Master,
I shall now use the Warrior
Master Style Secret Attack!
What the - what's
she trying to do?
I think she's gonna punch it?
Fobster [thought]: It's
useless! We've all tried.
Gomez [thought]:
After everything we did,
there isn't even a dent!
Larba [thought]: What
can a girl like her do?
[roaring]
There is no escaping it!
I'll crush you both,
you worthless filth!
Enough!
Miss Maam...
What is that?!
Oh, no! M-My Bioprison...
You think that
thing could hold me?
M-Maam!
It's you!
What do you think you're
doing, little girl?
Something to say?
[pained howl]
Nice shot.
Maam: Midheal.
Wow! You really are
a Warrior Priest!
Chiu, I need you
to go help Popp.
What? Him of all people?
That's right. Just while
I'm dealing with this guy.
Now, hurry!
Right!
Is that it?
I can heal... a wound
like this in no time.
King Romos:
We must rescue them.
That is an order!
Go help the injured get
clear of the battlefield.
And hurry!
Both: Sire!
Why, you brat...
You'll pay for this!
I don't even need you...
A terrible specimen!
I'll dispose of you
right here and now!
You're finished!
Of all the enemies
I've ever fought,
you're by far the worst.
To take the lives of humans...
the lives of monsters...
and just treat them like toys.
That is unforgivable-
you hear me?!
Silence, you fool.
It is a glorious study!
A step forward for
all of Darkling kind.
To create,
one must be willing to sacrifice
absolutely everything!
Something that
you can't understand!
I don't think
you can learn it.
So, I'll have to show you.
[snide laughter]
Hilarious.
What can a puny
creature like you...
do to the likes of me?
I, Zamza, stand at
the apex of all creation!
My body is immortal!
[laughing]
W-What?!
[shocked yell]
But, I... I'm
not regenerating?
Impossible?!
That's it!
Miss Maam's ultimate move!
Wh-what is it?
Only the greatest of
the Warrior Attacks.
Chiu: She learned
it from our master.
The Refractor Fist!
Popp: The Refractor Fist?
[pained yell]
Is this... the power you
used to breach my Bioprison?
This can't be.
I am a... a Superior Being!
A Superior Being...
Is meant to be invincible!
Narrator: Maam's
Refractor Fist
may have damaged the
Superior Being Zamza,
but it's not enough
to finish him off.
Soon Dai realizes
the difference between
his and Maam's techniques,
and pushes through
his exhaustion to
rejoin the fight...
But will his
crest's remaining power
be enough to
stop their foe?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"All in an Instant".